# The Labyrinth GameSimple game created as a project for Operating Systems (part of Computer Science course at MiNI PW).## DescriptionThe goal of the game is to place all available items in their rooms with as few steps as possible.Player moves through a graph of rooms. Each room may contain up to two items, which have assigned their target rooms. It is not allowed to carry more than one item at once. ## Manual### StartThe game is started in console with optional parameter `-b backup-path`, which specifies the path to autosave-file. If it is not provided, environment variable `$GAME_AUTOSAVE` is used instead. If it is not set, the program creates file `.game-autosave` in home directory.### Main menuThese options are available from main menu.- **map-from-dir-tree root file** creates map based on directory tree rooted in path specified by `root`. Generated map is saved to `file` path.- **generate-random-map n path** generates random map with `n` rooms and saves it to `path`.- **start-game path** runs new game from map/save file available in `path`.  It generates $floor(3n/2)$ items placed in random rooms with random destinations.- **load-game path** loads a saved game status from `path` file and starts the game.- **exit** closes the game.### Game menuDuring the game, information about current room and picked items is saved to autosave path after 60 seconds since last save (no matter if user or program triggered it). There are following available commands.- **move-to roomNo** player moves to room `roomNo`, if only it is possible.- **pick-up itemNo** player pick-ups the item specified by `itemNo`, if only it is possible.- **drop itemNo** player drops an item `itemNo` in current room, if only it is possible.- **save path** saves current game status to file directed by `path`.- **find-path k roomNo** runs `k` threads trying to find path to room `roomNo`. The shortest found (if any) is printed to the console.- **quit** goes back to main menu.### Signal handlingIf during the game program receives `SIGUSR1` signal it swaps two random items. Proper information is printed to the console.